A bank error in your favor, collect $15.
A bright color will flash in your eyes today, do not be alarmed, you are just being abducted by aliens.
A challenging day is in store for you, Gemini. If you're part of a group or team, among friends, or seeing too much of the people you live with, you may feel ill at ease. Could it be that you instill jealousy in others? There's only one way to find out. Clear the air by saying what needs to be said. State it clearly and directly and you'll eliminate any bad feelings among your group.
A dream you have will come true.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
A strange indian man will ask you what you are doing, do not answer him, do not acknowledge him. Your life depends on it.
A strange man will try and tickle your prostate today.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
A wild dog will mate with your leg, do not stop him. Let him complete his task.
A wild man will approach you today unexpectedly. He will ask what you are doing and demand to know if you have any pets. Do not make any eye contact with him, and especially do not let him know you are aquiantances with any women. Lest he find their location and take him for his nefarious activities.
An elderly women will ask you to go back to your country.
An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Average day, do not expect anything out of the ordinary.
Avoid strangers today.
Avoid vegetarians for today.
Bad luck day, avoid any gambling.
Be sure to boo at the rya today.
Be sure to compliment your imaginary friend Rodrigo's new haircut.
Be sure to use your blinkers when merging into traffic.
Be wary of dairy.
Boo da rya today, he's earned it.
Booing da Rya will bring your great warmth and happiness.
Bring an umbrella.
Bring your pet Chinchilla to work with you today.
Buy a lottery ticket.
Call your father today, tell him you are ready to challenge him to combat. You will lose, but this will boost your relationship with him.
Call your mother today, and be sure to antagonize her with questions about her love life and if she is cleaning up around her home.
Cancel all your plans for today, it's time for you to binge watch Friends.
Carrer opportunity, look for it.
Challenging a child to combat will boost your confidence today. It will increase your chances of promotion at work by 19.56% for every victory.
Clean underneath your nails, there is something good to be found in there.
Complaining to your boss may bring you an increase in pay, or a contract termination. Who knows, but give it a shot.
Consider switching your medication from oral ingestion, into suppository. 
Dial 911 immediately and demand they clean your soiled trousers.
Do not ask me for your stupid fortune, I am just a bot you fool.
Do not be alarmed by your horrendous stench, it is actually quite appealing!
Do not believe anyone telling you that you are allergic to soap.
Do not believe what they tell you, that dress looks great on you.
Do not bother charging your phone, no one will contact you anyways.
Do not call the police for your frivalous nonsense.
Do not drink alcohool today.
Do not drive onto oncoming traffic today.
Do not have your prostate checked today, your sushi is looking to make a comeback.
Do not let your mother down, she is in dire need of some tissue paper from the grocery store.
Do not listen to what the old man has to say.
Do not listen to your mother, you do not need to change your underwear until after 3 days use.
Do not pick your nose today.
Do not plan on having your dinner in the restroom.
Do not sign the terms and conditions form.
Do not stop at any red light today.
Do not trim your nails today.
Drinking a dog's urine does not bring good luck. So stop doing that, it's gross.
Eat your greens today, also your reds and yellows.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
Ew, I would not go out looking like that if I were you.
Find time to tell someone you love what they did with their hair today.
Follow the recipe carefully.
Food poison warning.
Forfeit the keys to your home to your local homeless man, he will appreciate it.
Fortune not found, please try again.
Get out of here, no one wants you here.
Give Proper 20 dollars, it is your destiny.
Giving me $5 will bring you great luck and wisdom. 
Go outside and fart.
Good day for romance.
Green is in your future bowel movement.
Green is in your future.
Green totally looks great on your, it does not make you look fat.
Happiness is an activity.
Have you been thinking about getting fit by investing in a subscription to a fitness app or ordering that piece of equipment being advertised to you over and over again that promises a full-body workout? If so, this might be the day to actually commit to these things.
Have your cleaning lady be extra thorough today.
Have your prostate checked today.
I suggest making an appointment at the dentist.
I would not leave the house if I were you.
If asked by a alien lifeform for consent to probing, just give the go ahead, I mean how often does this happen anyway? How lucky are you?!
If Chibi asks if you want to play civ, decline his offer and insult his appearence. He will appreciate it.
If confronted by a homeless man, demand change from him, since you can really use it right now.
If threatened, rya will boo you, but if shown compassion, he will kiss you tenderly on the neck. Both of these events are described as equally horrific, thread carefully.
If you do not silence the Rya today, he will silence you.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
Instead of giving the local beggar money, instead gift them with a brand new Mercedes© Benz!
Instead of yelling at your neighbor, invite them over for a game of scrabble.
Invite a homeless into your room for a fun game of call of duty.
Is that a new shirt? It is quite stylish on you!
It is a good time to invest all your savings into your business, the market is looking up.
It is a good time to invest in gold.
It will be an exciting day today, Raul plans on contacting you, prepare yourself for the occasion!
It's time to pickup the cool habit of smoking, you will look so much cooler doing it!
It's time to schedule your prostate exam.
Keep your eye out for someone special.
Kiss your plate of food before consumption, it will bring you a great fortune.
Leave me alone.
Let Proper borrow that $20, do not worry, he is good for it.
Look for change on the sofa, today is your day.
Make sure to wear green today, the redman is on the hunt.
Never look inside the pasta jar.
Nothing of note will happen to you today.
Now is the time to try something new.
Now would be a good time to take up a new sport.
Punching a police officer will bring you great luck in your endeavors today.
Raul will call your phone today.
Reconnect with that old man who shouted sexual expletives at you.
Relations with colleagues could be very cooperative today, Sagittarius. Communication should be open and honest, and for once you'll probably be able to reach everyone you phone or text without having to wait long for a reply. Go with the flow and all should be completed successfully. Onward and upward!
Release a victim from your dungeon, they will make a deal to not contact authorities on you. They will honor it.
Remember when your parents told you that would never amount to anything? It's time to prove them wrong by learning how to tap dance. 
Reschedule your 6pm flashing of the elderly home, they will need a break today.
Rubbing your own belly will bring you good fortune.
Run.
Rya will approach you today with a tempting proposition. He will ask you for pictures of your feet and your pet's collected droppings. In exchange, he will offer you $20.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
Shake hands with the person nearest to you, they will feel your new professional demeanor and respect you much more than they ever have.
Shut up.
Skin your pet Chinchilla for warmth, the temperatures will be dropping rapidly.
Someone is looking to you for guidance. Mislead them, tell them only the wrong things. It will be funny.
Someone will sneakily fart in your direction today.
Someone will tell you they like your new haircut, do not believe their deceit.
Stay true to those who would do the same for you.
Take it slow today, take some time, smell some roses and flirt with your local gas station clerk.
Take the green pill.
That man you keep thinking of, call him. He is thinking of you as well.
The real fortune, is the friends you made along the way.
The tables will turn.
There will a man who reveals himself to you as your stalker. Do not call the authorities on him, he means well.
Throw out any figurines you've collected into the trash. This will increase the chances of having women over.
Today is your day. Luck is on your side.
Tomorrow, a mysterious man will ring your phone. He will demand you stop calling his number at odd hours and demand you give him his mail back.
Try converting to buddishm, it may bring you great fortunes, or just be a complete waste of time. I don't know, why are you asking me.
Try going outside sometime, you disgusting freak.
Try not being such a bitch today.
Try scaring a young child today, it will lighten your mood.
Try smiling today, you piece of shit.
Try using a hat to cover up that bald spot, your family will appreciate it.
U r not a boo today.
Use that expired coupon that you have been saving, they will be forced to use after you hold up the line for 30 minutes and ask to speak with the manager.
Wash your anus today, it is time.
Wash your hands before giving change to a homeless person today, he will appreciate it.
Washing your pants before re use is highly recommended. 
Watch our for slippery floors.
Watch the floor, today your chances of finding money are higher.
Watch your head today.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
Wear a eyepatch today, do not explain why to anyone who asks.
When choosing which topping to go on your pizza, do not select anchoives, that's disgusting.
When presented with a tough decision, delegate it someone else, that way they can take the blame if the result is unsatisfactory.
When sending nudes, try putting some vegetation into the shot, it will make all the difference to your lover.
When sneakily adjusting your testicles in public, try to pull apart from both sides, to temper suspicions of playing with yourself from onlookers.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
You have passed go, collect $200.
You will ask for your fortune today.
You will be assaulted by an irate man today.
You will be attacked by a pack of wild dogs later.
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
You will be fired today.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
You will be punished for your crimes today.
You will finally complete that thing you have been putting off today.
You will find $20 in someone else's pocket today.
You will find a new stylish look for your hair, everyone in chat will be envious of this rejuvenating look.
You will find a strange smell potruding from your body.
You will find a used condom on your walk today.
You will find old tissue paper in the garbage can.
You will find that missing donut hole in your shoe.
You will find that you have an extra toe, rejoice, you are the next step in human evolution.
You will find the money you lost in someone else's wallet.
You will have a very boring conversation today.
You will lose an important object.
You will meet a woman today at the sexshop. She will ask why you are also looking at the dildos. Do not acknowledge her.
You will never see it coming.
You will not be getting a million dollars today.
You will rediscover your sexuality today.
You will reinvigorate a passionate love affair today.
You will smell terrible today and there is nothing you can do to change this.
You will spill your coffee all over your brand new shirt.
Your cat is looking precious today, aw pet da kitty :3
Your destiny is calling for you to try out Arby's new breakfast menu.
Your favorite color will be brown today, this isn't really a fortune, just telling you to dress accordingly.
Your high-minded principles spell success.
Your lucky number is 2.
Your neighbor will order 200 anchoive pizzas to your home today.
Your resemblance to a muppet will prevent the world from taking you seriously.